== Phantom Proxy - A webkit proxy
The phantom proxy acts as a http proxy server. It fetches the remote webpages
with the help phantomjs (see http://www.phantomjs.org/ ).

You can use this to get a page after the javascipt execution. By setting some HTTP
headers you can get the page with all iframes included or as an image. 

== Installation
Install phanotmjs (see: http://code.google.com/p/phantomjs/wiki/BuildInstructions)

On Debian:

 sudo apt-get install libqt4-dev libqtwebkit-dev qt4-qmake
 cd phantom
 git clone https://github.com/ariya/phantomjs.git
 git checkout 1.2
 qmake-qt4 && make

 checkout phantom_proxy
 
 gem build phantom_proxy.gemspec

 gem install phantom_proxy-*.gem
         
== Usage
Run
 phantom_proxy 
either with -self (ip, port) to not use the thin::runner framework
or
with any thin parameter you want (e.g. -p 8080).

Point your browser's proxy to http://localhost:8080 for testting.

You can use the Net::HTTP lib to fetch page or use the phantom_client 
(see: https://github.com/experteer/phantom_client).

Monitoring(1.1.0):
The phantom_proxy comes with a usage monitor.
You can see the current proxy status by pointing your browser to
	phantom_proxy_control_panel
if you have set the proxy or just to the address and port the proxy is running at
	address:port/phantom_proxy_control_panel

Security(1.2.0)
Now the phantom_proxy can be secured with a key. The system is implemented with an hmac algorithm.
Simply supply "-hmac THE_KEY" when starting the proxy and the proxy is secured

Service script(1.2.1)
In lib/phantom_proxy/install you can find an init.d script which makes it pretty easy to use phantom_proxy as a service with variable configured instances.
A howto on the config of the services can be found in the init script.
 
== TODO
